sorry we've just done with a wonderful
presentation with your latest prototypes
and some of your lead reels and also
your fly tying voice and we also been
fishing for a week
yes and what do you think of your stay
so far till now I must say I really like
it yeah
all the different possibilities you have
here is it's unbelievable
even the weather conditions are not the
best
we hoped fish and especially with the
boat it was but for me was a big big
pleasure to do it and I told you that
before and that's true and we find out
that a race big fish here so yeah and I
think if the conditions are right you
have you can get great holiday here for
fishing yeah that's for sure
but till now I really love it and I'm
excited - you did it
the fairly good heavy job that rolling
in the winds boy there was not not easy
not easy
no it's heavy work yeah but and amer say
the lunch is one of the greatest things
I had the best part of the day but what
you made on the side of the river I
didn't want you to send you back old
skinny you know I didn't want to send
you no no no it's a coffee five kilo now
but when you're fishing the river
what's for an average or a novice angler
what you think is the most important
thing that the angler should know about
when he did if he wants to come to tree
so you have fished all around the world
and most reports are things that they
have to listen to a guide yeah and if
you don't spend some money with a guide
they don't know what you're doing here
you have to learn the river and I have
all the knowledge and if you come here
especially for the first time even me I
have to listen to you or to another guy
what's happened finally we find out
together that it was great fishing
hey but that's the most important thing
if you don't do that it's difficult we
also went to an other River during this
day yes
Rena river yeah what do you think of
that River and also has being in Tree
Hill what do you think of that exactly
that the result is a much easier River
then the arena where we were especially
now well the trees are almost underwater
and you have to float so fast and still
we find some places and another thing is
this of course if you can't read the
water then it is difficult
yeah but so you again you have to listen
to the guides they know the places and
they know how to fish in and the way you
have to fish
hmm we see we cut fish on huge dry flies
and when you never expected them we got
a big fish on that and yeah you see
sometimes you need small names well it's
all the same yeah I also have to say
that we have been trying and
experimenting a little bit also with the
health of your knowledge as well yeah so
yeah yeah clearly you need more advice
for that yeah to find out but I think
the best way is with the boat yeah and
it's also the easiest way you handle the
boat very well and I were happy that you
had a boat and if not with the drift
boats are that great absolutely yeah and
you handle them very well doesn't say
there - I don't like to say it but I do
know no oh I want to thank you so much
for spending the time here and also for
doing the presentation mm-hmm and I wish
to welcome you back to later on so we
can do some more for sure I'm coming
thank you very much thank you for
everything this week but your pleasure
for me thank you